OK, so my idea is in freely explained this:
The spiral heater has been used in Tinymight herbal vaporizers since 2019. It has consisted of thin stainless steel foil, in this case 0.05mm but many other thicknesses can be used to get the wanted heating power for the required geometrical shape and size of heater. In the most used variant of this heater, there has been a central rod / axel to which the foil is spot welded or attached in any other way, and then the foil is rolled to a shape of a spiral, keeping the foil from touching itself and this way there is a controlled air gap between the layers of the spiral. To keep foil in the needed shape, there are many ways. It can be prepared like we used most often, by cutting holes in such an orientation that when the spiral is wound , there are small rods, in our case zirconia ceramic, going trough the spiral holding it in shape. this has the benefit of relatively easy assembly and process. There are other ways too, for example by using heat treatment to create the needed spiral shape by other means, such as molds or special holders that create the needed spacing, or even sacrificial material, and then heat treating the foil in such a way that the new shape becomes permanent. Also the supporting rods can be inserted after rolling the spiral, for example by using sacrificial material, then just pushing the rods in place and removing the sacrificial material, either in mechanical, pyrotechnical or chemical ways, to name some. In our spiral design the electricity path has been trough the spiral, so the center of spiral has conductor, for example the central axel and there will be another conductor at the other end of the spiral, in our case it has been most often spot welded nickel strip. 
The heater doesn’t necessarily have to be a spiral shape, but since that shape is often the easiest to form we have been using it. In general, in our method, by changing the spacing of the holes along the foil for the supporting rods, we can create varying layer heights along the spiral if needed for some reasons. Also the shape of the spiral can be modified along its length to affect the heating energy and resistance at any given point of the geometrical shape of the spiral. 
Our design has traditionally been inserted inside a tube once the spiral is rolled and this way it gets a solid support around it. Tube can be for example made of glass, ceramic or metal. But tube is not necessary, we also have been using method to cut the stainless steel sheet longer than needed for the spiral, and using the extra length by positioning the holes for support rods in such a way, that instead of spiral, the end part of the foil creates a tube on itself, so that there is no need for additional tube and this has the benefit of reduced material costs, reduced mass of the heater since the thin foil, even if put multiple layers for mechanical robustness, can still be very thin and same time still robust structure as a supporting structure around the spiral. For example using 0.05mm thickness foil in the spiral, if having it roll 4 times around itself in the end, we end up with 0.2mm thick tube which supports the heater, but is still very lightweight, improving the efficiency of the heater. Also this way we are able to adjust how much the heater is causing heat to escape the heater design, which is usually a negative aspect as it can cause the surface temperature of the device to increase which is not needed normally. This heat usually is spreading by conduction and radiation. Thanks to thin stainless steel (or any other similar material) being so lighweight, it does not store much energy. So when it does heat, even a small amount of colder air travelling along it cools it down quickly. In a vaporizer, this can be easily used to prevent the heat from spreading to the structures of the device, as the incoming fresh air air flow can cool down very quickly the thin stainless steel surface, and being very reflective in IR wavelengths, the foil also can be easily used to block IR heating from reaching other structures.

Regarding the construction of the heater, there are other ways too. For example, the central axel is not absolutely necessary, and the heater can have just a simple conductor made of some more conductive material than the typical stainless steel rod. Similarly in the other end, there can be different way to conduct the electricity than the spot welded nickel strip. Solutions can be for example silver  / copper conductor or wire, they can be welded, laser welded, pressed, soldered, used conductive adhesives, and even the whole heater foil can be shaped in such a way that the end or end become the conductors themselves. 

Now a new heater we have been using has been the 2 layer spiral heater. The idea here is, that by using not just one foil that creates a spiral, we can use for example two, or even more spirals within the same heater. Let’s talk about the benefits. To take an example of the typical heater made of 0.05mm foil, and having a certain length to fit the design parameters, it has a power approximately 70W. When considering the 3.7V battery voltage, there is often something around 20A of current going trough the heater whenever it is active. We have controlled it with PWM modulation, even though it can be controlled in other ways too, for example by varying the voltage, but PWM is often the easiest way do do it efficiently. Anyway, 20A of current is quite a lot for small battery, which leads to voltage drop, stress of the battery and reduced run time due to losses, and accelerated aging of the battery. But if we use multiple foils within same heater, we can have multiple benefits. By using two foils having half the thickness than typical, we would reach same total power as the simple version, but this time the surface area of heater would double, improving the transfer of heat to the passing air, and allowing more accurate heating of the air. But since the maximum power is not always needed, when heat is already stable and airflow lower, there is rarely need for maximum power. In this situation,for example if up to 50% power only needed,  there would be opportunity to have any given time only one of the foils active and this way the maximum current taken out of battery would be just half of the original design, in this example just 10A, stressing the battery much less and giving better efficiency. The PWM timings can be adjusted in such a way that even with higher power levels, the time when both foils are active same time would be minimized. This method could provide many benefits, with the added complexity of needing at least one additional conductor to keep the foils separate at least from the other end and own controller / transistor for each foil. Alternative, simpler solution is to let the foils be controlled by same signal, and even by letting them be connected to same potential so that it will be essentially just a doubled surface area heater with dual foil. And depending on the thickness of foil, the performance can be adapted, to increase the total power or even using two different thickness foils. This could be used also to create variation in the temperature levels of the foils. 
The most typical way to do the dual / multifoil spiral heater is to weld them together at one end, usually the central of spiral, and then have separate conductors in the other end. If wanting to control the foils individually, it is then important to verify the far ends of the foils are not in electrical contact with each other to keep them independent. This can be reached by many ways, usually by using some sort of insulation there such as ceramic materials or paste, mica insulation and such. 
Another way to do heater with adjustable power is also to just add a conductor to the middle of the spiral, and for example let that middle conductor be the main path where electricity enters the heater, and then at both ends, in the center of spiral and the far end, are the other conductors. Now the heater can be controlled by using varying ON-times on either part of the spiral or all together. This design has the benefit of possibly simpler assembly and lack of need for adhesives or other solutions to keep the spirals from touching each other conductively when it needs to be avoided. 
