Designs combining the heater technologies for more effective vaporization:
The spiral foil heater is very efficient convection heater, allowing heat to transfer to airflow thanks to large surface area and very low mass so not much energy is stored in the heater itself. The updated ideas like removing tube around the spiral, and even the possibility of removing the central rod of the heater will all reduce the mass that gets heated and improving efficiency. But there are also challenges, since we are not designing air heater but a vaporizer. The goal is not just hot airflow, but effective heating of the compounds in the material to be vaporized, so that an aerosol / vapor is formed. The practical challenges then are for example the inevitable temperature difference between the herb initially and the hot airflow, as well as the temperature of the structures around the material to be vaporized. If there is a container for the material, for example herbal plant material, and the container is at room temperature, it takes some time until the container gets warm enough in the airflow to not distract too much the process. Typical result from this kind of distraction is less than perfectly vaporized material close to the colder surfaces.  Also it can cause a delay in the formation of vapor, as it takes first time to heat up the herb to the needed temperature, and then the structures around herb, but all the time air is flowing already and filling the users lungs. The practical effect is reduced amount of vapor especially if user takes occasionally short inhalations of the device. 
These issues can be improved with multiple ways. The structures around herb can be made as thin as possible. One feature we have implemented is a herb holding container that is made of thin stainless steel, such as 0.05mm thickness, so that it would store very little energy, and heat up very fast. The effect can be even improved by routing small percentage of the airflow on the outside of the thin wall and allowing it to enter from the sides trough holes to the container, same time improving the time needed to increase the container temperature, and injecting directly from the sides hot air to herb. For this method we even created name, “Conveduction”, meaning it creates conduction effects by using convection heater. 
Another way we have implemented is using a simple conduction chamber / container for the herb. The herb is in a container that gets heated by resistive heater, or alternatively, another tubular part that has the resistance heater accepts the herb containing chamber and readily transfers the energy conductively to the chamber. This allows the chamber / container to reach the needed temperature immediately, and to start conducting also to the herb and air inside the chamber the heat, and in this way improving the vaporization from the beginning. 
The most interesting is our newest design, that combines the convection heater of ours with an IR heater. This has considerable improvements over the only convection heater or convection + conduction heater.  In this design there is IR radiating material emitting the IR radiation from the outside of the herb towards it, so that the herbal material does not just get warmed up by conductively hot surface of the chamber but actually directly by IR radiation that goes deeper to the material mass immediately. The effect is immediate internal heating within the material, and then the convective airflow heat can vaporize the material much better when the internal temperature has already increased, there is no cold region on the outer diameter of chamber, and the concentration of vapor is improved , and the speed how quickly the full production of vapor happens is practically immediate, 
In practice, this heater has been built in different ways, one good one is to use a black coated thin metal material / foil, wrapped to round shape and electricity is connected to the ends in such a way that the energy goes trough the foil and heats it. The temperature can raise to levels such as 420 degrees, 500 degrees, or 600 degrees or even more Celsius depending on the design targets. Then the herb is in center of the circle, without touching the radiating surface, enjoying a huge concentration of heat energy directly focused to the herb with immediate heating effect.  Herb can be separated from the radiating hot surfaces with different ways such as relatively IR transparent tubes, such as Sapphire tube or even quartz, or by meshes or perforated materials, and others. 
